LEASE AGREEMENT (English Translation)

Page 1

LEASE AGREEMENT (the "AGREEMENT") ENTERED INTO, ON ONE HAND, BY MRS. ELLA RUTH JASSO PALACIO (THE "LANDLORD"); AND ON THE OTHER HAND, MR. NESTOR ELDON WHEELOCK (THE "TENANT"), BOTH IN THEIR OWN AND PERSONAL RIGHT, WHO AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING DECLARATIONS AND CLAUSES:

DECLARATIONS

FIRST.- The Landlord declares, in her own and personal right and under oath of truthfulness, that:

a) She is an individual of Mexican nationality, with full legal capacity to bind herself under the terms of this Agreement.

b) She is the legitimate owner with full possession and use of the property described as: "Casa B" (House B), of lot sixteen, block forty-one, located on Trasatlantico street, of the subdivision "Villas Morelos", of superblock eighteen, of Puerto Morelos, Municipality of Benito Juarez, State of Quintana Roo. Said property was registered under number 162086 (one, six, two, zero, eight, six), in the Public Registry of Property and Commerce, Cancun delegation.

c) For purposes of this agreement, this property shall hereinafter be referred to as the "PROPERTY".

d) She wishes to grant the Property for occupancy and lease.

e) The Property is in good conditions of use, is not subject to any judicial, labor, tax, or administrative proceedings.

SECOND.- The Tenant declares, in his own and personal right and under oath of truthfulness, that:

a) He is an individual of American nationality, who verifies his legal stay in the country with his current immigration document and passport which are attached to this agreement as "Annex A", with full legal capacity to bind himself under the terms of this Agreement.

Page 2

b) That in accordance with his interests, he wishes to occupy the Property under lease.

c) That he has the financial capacity and sufficient solvency to fulfill his obligations, especially those of an economic nature, under this Agreement.

d) That he has inspected the interior of the "PROPERTY", certifying that the furnishings found therein function normally.

Having stated the above, the parties agree to the following:

CLAUSES

FIRST.- PURPOSE AND TERM. Under this Agreement, the Landlord grants in favor of the Tenant the temporary use and enjoyment of the Property, with everything that in fact and by right corresponds, for a term of one year starting from the eleventh day of March of two thousand twenty-two, and which therefore shall expire on the eleventh day of March of two thousand twenty-three, the final date on which the Landlord shall receive from the Tenant the vacating of the Property without the need for any lawsuit or proceeding.

SECOND.- RENT. For the occupancy referred to in the preceding clause, the Tenant agrees to pay the Landlord as rent the monthly amount of $9,000.00 (nine thousand pesos 00/100, National Currency).

These rents shall be paid by interbank transfer to the account of Mrs. Ella Ruth Jasso Palacio; Inbursa bank, account number: 50043459042, interbank routing number: 036691500434590425, on the first day of each month.

The Tenant shall guarantee payment of rent through the signing of twelve promissory notes; and in the event of returning possession of the property early, the Landlord shall return the original promissory notes corresponding to the months that were not occupied or accrued.

Page 3

THIRD.- LATE INTEREST. Failure to make timely payment of rent within the range of days established in the preceding clause shall result in the payment of late interest charged to the Tenant and in favor of the Landlord, which shall accrue on the unpaid outstanding amounts and shall be calculated at an interest rate of 6% (six percent) monthly.

FOURTH.- DEPOSIT. The Tenant has previously delivered to the Landlord the amount of $9,000.00 (nine thousand pesos 00/100 National Currency). As a deposit to guarantee the repair of damages that the Tenant may cause to the Property and the payment of each of the public services which he is obligated to cover under this Agreement.

The Deposit shall be refunded to the Tenant once the fulfillment of each and every one of his payment obligations has been verified, as well as the vacating of the Property in good conditions of use and services in perfect working order; or, the resulting difference shall be refunded, by offsetting unpaid obligations. The deposit shall not count as rent under any circumstance.

FIFTH.- PURPOSE OF THE PROPERTY. The Tenant shall use the Property exclusively as a dwelling, and may not give it any other use or commercial purpose without the written authorization of the Landlord.

The Landlord is obligated to deliver to the Tenant the property in conditions suitable for immediate use and in a state fit for the agreed-upon purpose, with the installations, furniture, accessories, and equipment detailed in the inventory duly signed by the parties and attached to this agreement as "Annex B". The parties also specifically agree that any repair, fix, or maintenance that the furniture or equipment listed in Annex B may require shall be at the Tenant's expense, who agrees to return them in optimal conditions of use.

In the event that the Tenant gives a use different from that established in the immediately preceding paragraph, this authorizes the Landlord to rescind this agreement without the need for judicial declaration.

Page 4

SIXTH.- RECEIPT AND REMODELING WORKS. By the sole act of occupying the Property, it is understood that the Tenant receives it in perfect working order, so that upon returning it, he must deliver it to the Landlord, committing to answer for damages caused to the Property through his fault, carelessness, negligence, or that of his clients, family members, employees, or household staff.

Any improvement or remodeling works carried out by the Tenant on the Property must be previously authorized by the Landlord in writing, and shall remain for the benefit of the Property without the Landlord having any obligation to pay any amount.

Violation of what is agreed in this clause shall be cause of the Tenant's liability for damages generated.

SEVENTH.- The Tenant shall bear the cost of all expenses corresponding to the internal maintenance of the Property, except those related to hidden defects, which in that case shall be attended to by the Landlord.

Likewise, both parties expressly agree that the Tenant is obligated to maintain the air conditioners and refrigerator every five months, which shall be at his expense and must be done with the technicians assigned by the Landlord.

The Tenant shall also pay at his own expense for service consumption such as: electricity, garbage payment, gas, telephone, cable television, Internet, etc., it being agreed between the parties that simple copies, after comparison with original receipts for payment of these services, shall be delivered by the Tenant to the Landlord, or person designated for such purpose, who shall keep them to verify and control that the Tenant is not behind on payment of any of these services.

EIGHTH.- SUBLETTING. The Tenant is prohibited from subletting, transferring, lending, or assigning in any form the use of the leased property or the rights of this agreement. Subleases, transfers, loans, or assignments made in violation of what is stipulated in this clause, in addition to being null and void with respect to and against the Landlord, shall give rise to forced execution, which both parties agree shall include the immediate vacating of the Property under the terms provided in the eleventh and twelfth clauses.

Page 5

NINTH.- EARLY TERMINATION. The parties agree that the Landlord may terminate this Agreement early and consequently proceed with the early eviction of the Tenant, in the event that the Tenant fails to comply with any of the obligations contained in this Agreement and in particular, in any of the following cases:

a) If he fails to timely pay two or more months of Rent, pursuant to the second clause.
b) If he fails to timely pay two or more months of any service available at the Property, pursuant to the seventh clause.
c) If he changes the use or purpose of the Property without written authorization from the Landlord, pursuant to the fifth clause.
d) If he makes modifications or remodeling to the Property without written authorization from the Landlord, pursuant to the sixth clause.
e) If he sublets, assigns, or transmits by any means the rights of this Agreement without authorization from the Landlord, pursuant to the eighth clause.
f) If he introduces toxic or explosive substances into the Property.
g) If, in general, he fails to comply with any of the obligations stipulated in this Agreement.
h) Death of the Tenant, also triggering the provisions of the tenth clause.

TENTH.- In the event of the Tenant's death and if there are family members, they shall have a period of 30 days to deliver "THE PROPERTY" paying each and every one of the debts, having done so they shall have the right to receive the deposit amount; in the event there are no family members, both parties agree that the Landlord may open the apartment and place personal objects under safekeeping for a period of 45 days or sooner if any family member claims them, after which they may be sold or shall pass into her possession.

In the event of the Landlord's death, the Tenant shall have 45 days to deliver "THE PROPERTY" to family members or to those who represent their rights.

Likewise, the parties agree that if there is any debt owed by the Tenant at the time of said vacating, these shall be settled at that time. Otherwise, the Landlord expresses her agreement that in the case of eviction or enforcement proceedings as provided in the Code of Civil Procedures for the State of Quintana Roo, property belonging to her that is inside or outside the leased property may be seized.

Page 6

ELEVENTH.- SPECIAL CLAUSES.- The Tenant is authorized to bring into the property one pet of the border collie breed with the Landlord's consent; if the Tenant brings two or more pets into the property, the penalty shall apply in accordance with the thirteenth clause of this agreement.

TWELFTH.- If the Tenant does not fulfill the term stipulated in the first clause of this agreement, the return of the security deposit is nullified; if the Tenant does not have the money to comply with this clause, the Tenant agrees that furniture and articles of his property sufficient to cover the amount may be seized.

THIRTEENTH.- CONVENTIONAL PENALTIES. The parties establish as a conventional penalty the payment of an amount equivalent to two times the Rent (the "Conventional Penalty"), which the Tenant shall pay in favor of the Landlord, in the event that any of the cases listed in the ninth clause materialize.

The obligation to pay a Conventional Penalty may be generated for each of the above cases, that is, as many Conventional Penalties shall be paid as cases that materialize on the Property.

Payment of the Conventional Penalty does not limit the Landlord's right to pursue early termination of the Agreement.

FOURTEENTH.- For the purposes of receiving and hearing notifications and other matters, the parties designate the following as their addresses:

The Landlord: Avenida Alamos, Superblock 311, Paseo las Quintas, Block 26, Lot 1, House 4, in the City of Cancun, Benito Juarez, State of Quintana Roo.

The Tenant: THE PROPERTY that is the subject of this agreement.

In the event that either party wishes to use a different address for such purposes, they must notify the other party in writing; otherwise, any notification, requirement, or summons made at the cited addresses shall have full legal force.

FIFTEENTH.- This agreement cancels and renders void any prior agreement, whether oral or written, that the parties have made in relation to this matter.

Page 7

SIXTEENTH.- For everything not provided for in this agreement, the provisions of the Civil Code of the State of Quintana Roo shall apply, and the competent courts of the City of Cancun shall have jurisdiction over any controversy arising from, originating from, or derived from the execution, compliance, or interpretation of this Agreement, the parties expressly waiving any other jurisdiction that by reason of their present or future domicile may correspond to them.

THE PARTIES BEING AWARE OF THE CONTENT AND SCOPE OF THE LEASE AGREEMENT TRANSCRIBED IN THIS INSTRUMENT, SIGN IT ON THE ELEVENTH DAY OF MARCH OF TWO THOUSAND TWENTY-TWO.

THE LANDLORD                            THE TENANT

ELLA RUTH JASSO PALACIO                 NESTOR ELDON WHEELOCK
